docs(cli): update overview (#2631)
nestjs/docs.nestjs.com: content/cli/overview.md

Install the CLI globally using the `npm install -g` command (see the **Note** above for details about global installs).

```bash
$ npm install -g @nestjs/cli
```

> > info **Hint** Alternatively, you can use this command `npx nest` without installing the cli globally. 

Reviewer: Are you sure that npx nest will work as expected?

Author: My mistake, `npx nest` works if you have already installed the cli 😄, i should have written `npx @nestjs/cli@latest`, i will correct it.  I no longer have to do PR during the night 😄
```suggestion
> info **Hint** Alternatively, you can use this command `npx @nestjs/cli@latest` without installing the cli globally. 
```
